# Projects

the repo contain my projects 
1- Door Lock System (Embedded Systems Project) 			             	
    o	The system consists of two atmega16 microcontroller.
    o	All needed drivers of atmega16 are implemented from scratch.
    o	Peripherals which have been used GPIO, Timer, External EEPROM,PWM, I2C and UART communication.
    o	All needed drivers are implemented from scratch.
    o	Project is Full documented (State Diagram, Sequence Diagram)
2- Electric Water Heater 							           	       
    o	Designing and Implementing SW State Machine 
    o	Peripherals used: GPIO, Timer, Interrupt, ADC, I2C, External EEPROM
    o	Peripheral from Board used: Heater, Fan, External EEPROM, Buttons
    o	Simulating and testing the project on PicSimLab using PIC16F877A.
    o	All needed drivers are implemented from scratch.
3- Seat Control Application based on AUTOSAR				            
    o	RTE Configuration using Authoring Tool (SAAT)
    o	Configure Compositions, SWCs, Port interfaces, Ports, Runnables, Events...etc.
    o	Generate SWCs Templates, RTE Code and write Application code
    o	Implementing MCAL Layer (Dio, Port, Spi, Adc) Modules based on Autosar
4- Building hypervisor (x-visor) on Raspberry pi with Linux Guest			
    o	Configure and build U-boot using Cross tool chain
    o	Configure and build Linux using cross tool chain
    o	Generate Root File System using Busybox
5- Bank Client-Server System (QT Project)			            		
    o	A Banking system using the client-server model
    o	Applications should be developed using the QT/C++ framework.
    o	System support only two user types: standard user, Admin user.
    o	System distributed on two Daemon applications one for the client and one for the server.
    o	Client-server communication happen via the Sockets mechanism.
    o	Usage of JSON as Database format.
    o	Project is Full documented (State Diagram, Sequence Diagram)

Small project 
 two projects: one using a Makefile for build automation and the other using CMake for generating a professional Makefile. Both projects  implemented a snake effect using 8 LEDs on an ATmega32 microcontroller 500 msec.
   
Project Description:
- MakeFile project aims to implement a snake effect using 8 LEDs connected to an ATmega32 microcontroller.The project uses a custom static library libMDIO.a generated by the Makefile inside the lib folder. The build process creates snake_effect.elf and snake_effect.hex files and generates a binaryReport.txt containing build information.

- CMake project implements the snake effect using 8 LEDs on an ATmega32 microcontroller. It utilizes CMake for generating both the professional Makefile and the static library libMDIO.a. The CMakeLists.txt file inside the lib directory configures the generation of libMDIO.a . The main CMakeLists.txt file in the project root configures the entire project, including the library.
